LINK:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60RS6O_vfWs
this one minute scalping strategy is
simple profitable it's great for new
traders who are looking for a very
simple step-by-step strategy or anybody
who's looking to have a good time
scalping on the one minute this strategy
would have been used to give you this
entry on this current long scalp that
I'm in from the exact bottom so make
sure to like the video make sure to
subscribe to the channel make sure to
click that Bell for notifications
because we are bringing the juiciest
technical analysis and trading strategy
videos here on YouTube so in order to
use this strategy we are going to open
up a blank chart we are going to put on
the one minute time frame and then we
are going to put on two indicators first
of all Bollinger Bands okay in order to
find the Bollinger band you are going to
come to indicators and you're just going
to search for a ball and your bands okay
right here make sure to screenshot this
if you are new and put that on and then
we are going to be also using something
called the awesome oscillator the
awesome oscillator you are going to go
to indicators and simply just search AO
and it is this one right here the
awesome oscillator screenshot that if
you need to these are the only two
indicators we are going to be using for
a trade and basically here is how it
works step number 1 we are going to wait
for price to pierce or touch either the
upper or lower Bollinger band these are
the green lines on the chart if price
touches the upper or pierces the upper
band or touches or pierces of the lower
band that is potentially going to be a
trade for us so when we're using the
strategy we do not think about even
entering a trade unless price is
touching the upper or lower Bollinger
band and then the confirmation to get
into the trade is a Divergence so if
we're looking for a short trade from the
upper Bollinger band we're looking for a
bearish Divergence if we're looking for
a long trade from the lower Bollinger
band we're looking for a bullish
Divergence what is a Divergence a
Divergence is when price and the
oscillator are basically doing the
opposite thing it's showing a sign of
weakness in a trend if the price is
making a higher high and our oscillator
is making a lower high this is called a
bearish Divergence it's showing us that
momentum and money is leaving the market
even though price is pumping higher and
higher showing us that there's an
imbalance and there needs to be a
correction and I know what you're
thinking to yourself Jason this kind of
looks like a pair of glue gluteus
maximus that's slightly uneven and you
know what you're absolutely right this
is a pair of butt cheeks that is uneven
and we can see here this waitress at the
diner hanging upside down from the
ceiling as the price is getting higher
and higher we can see her butt cheeks
are getting lower and lower and look at
where the money is actually it's in that
skinny right butt cheek over here
because this is a bearish Divergence
those uneven butt cheeks and look at
what happens from the time the price
comes up here and hits into that higher
height we get a move to the downside and
the opposite is true for a bullish
Divergence a bullish Divergence is where
the price is making a lower low and the
momentum is making a higher low and a
great example of that would be right
over here where the price makes a lower
low and our momentum down here is also
printing that juicy uneven butt cheek
pattern not upside down but regular side
up where we have the left cheek very
juicy full of gravy and ravioli if we
take a little needle and pop that thing
we can squeeze out the ricotta cheese
nice and good but that right cheek over
here is very very skinny that's what we
want to see and imbalance is showing us
that there needs to be a correction to
the upside so it's very very simple we
are simply going to put on our Bollinger
Bands and then wait for a price to come
to one of those bands and then look and
see if we are getting a confirmation on
the oscillator and here's something very
interesting look at this move right here
okay price made a lower low from the
previous low right over here okay and
look at our oscillator it is getting
higher as the price is getting lower and
touching or piercing the band and what
we are going to do is when we enter the
trade we are going to enter we don't
have to wait for candle close or
confirmation we just want to see is it
piercing the band and if it is we enter
as soon as we see that and then we put
our stop loss below that last low okay
you might want to give it a little
breathing room but what's great about
this it has a very good risk to reward
ratio and then we're going to be setting
our take profits at the upper Bollinger
band and at the time that was right
about here okay when this thing printed
the upper Bollinger band was right here
now this is a 0.25 move but if you
notice it's a three to one risk reward
ratio what does that mean it means if
we're putting let's say a hundred
dollars on the trade right and we're
risking one percent of a hundred dollars
that means uh we're potentially going to
lose one dollar to potentially make
three dollars and seventy five cents
which means these have good risk reward
ratios we could take multiple losses in
a row we could take three losses in a
row and actually still be in profit on
the fourth win just because we are
utilizing good risk to reward ratio and
by the way it helps if you have zero
percent limit fees right one of the ways
I'm able to scalp on these low-term time
frames because I did actually enter the
scalp on the one minute time frame is by
using zero percent limit fees and we do
offer that on by bit if you sign up
using my affiliate link we have a
special for Jason Casper zero percent
limit fees it's great for scalping on
low time frames and if you deposit a
hundred dollars you get one month free
of the crypto Fusion trading bot it's a
great tool the crypto Fusion trading bot
it trades for you okay so now what are
we basically going to do we're going to
look to see if we get lower low or or uh
higher high with a Divergence so this
actually would have been a win right
here let's see the next time we pierce
the and so he pierced the band right
here no Divergence so we pierce the band
right here no Divergence we're piercing
the band here and here no Divergence
okay we're piercing the band here no
Divergence next time we Pierce that band
is actually
right up here where we're touching into
that Bollinger band and now we are
seeing that bearish Divergence print now
you might say to yourself Jason look I
see two potential entries right here
right maybe we would have entered on
that first Wick right here personally
um I would not enter here I like to wait
for price to be inside the band and then
touch the band but some people might say
because we're already outside the band
they would enter here but for me the
main entry would be right here because
we want price already to be inside the
Bollinger band right if we're outside
the Bollinger band that's actually a
very good sign of strength but if we're
back inside the Bollinger band that's
showing that there's a good chance for
reversal but even if we took two entries
here and let's say we hit our first
entry right here and we targeted the
lower Bollinger band and then we ended
up getting stopped out of this trade big
deal because the very next entry that we
get right over here is going to give us
the um that's going to give us the win
back plus sign right that's going to
give us the win back plus some the only
thing about this trade that we need to
be careful of is the fact that as the
price moves so do the Bollinger Bands
and so we have to be a little proactive
sometimes you might have to find
yourself a marketing out of a trade
instead of limiting but what you can do
is you can extrapolate into the future
where is the Bollinger band going to be
so for example sample let's say we go
back in time and we see as we enter the
short trade right about here okay that
the bones are banned we can see at the
time is way down here so our initial
trade setup would be like this right
we're entering when we see that
Divergence stop loss goes above the wick
and then we're targeting down to the
Bollinger band but as we actually watch
price kind of play out here right we're
watching it play out we can see that the
Bollinger Bands are kind of Getting
Thinner lower and then we can move our
limit take profit up a little bit and
kind of hit that take profit like that
that would get us out of the trade so it
does take a little bit of pro action if
that's even a word but we can drag the
limit orders around so the way you would
do that in Bible is basically like when
you see that the price is getting a move
so I am going to actually turn on the
limit orders that I have now on the
chart so that we can see more like what
I'm talking about if this is my limit
take profit order
because I I did not use this strategy to
get into this long but you absolutely
could have in fact that is this long
trade from right down here the one we're
just looking at this is the trade that
I'm actually in right now uh but I
decided to hold it longer but if we were
trading strictly with this strategy we
would have been out of the trade already
with a win but for me I have some higher
take profit set on this long and so
let's say that price is kind of trading
and we're watching the Bollinger band at
first the Bollinger band is here but
then the boeinger band is starting to
come down as price starts to come up
what we would do is we would simply take
our limit order and drag it down to the
Bollinger band to try and meet price uh
as it comes up because if
um we have a limit order set we're not
going to get charged that fee but if
we're using a market order we will get
charged a fee now here's the thing we
can absolutely still Market out of these
trades and still be profitable
um in certain instances but it's much
better to limit out okay the more
trading volume you have on an exchange
like buy bit they actually give you
discounts on the fees so let's see if we
can find a few more trades here this was
the last short trade that we could have
taken Let's uh take a look and see if we
have any more
yeah so look at this right here this
would have been a no trade this actually
would have been a trade right here
because we came up and we pierced the
Bollinger band and we get a rejection
with the bearish Divergence on the
awesome oscillator as we see right here
beautiful beautiful Divergence and we
open the trade and we hit our take
profit down at the lower Bollinger band
for a three to one risk reward ratio now
this is just so important here because
people say how can you make money on
such small moves is because look we only
need a point zero five percent stop loss
which means we can put a very very big
position size on to the trade and still
be risking very very little which means
we're making a 0.2 percent move on a
much bigger position size than we would
be if we were trading on a higher term
time frame right that's one of the
things that can make scalping so
profitable and we're going to basically
stack up these small games throughout
the day understanding that the winds
will offset the losses so that is it for
today's video guys make sure to like the
video make sure to subscribe to the
channel make sure to click the bell for
notifications if you're looking for a
great Trading Group to join check out
patreon.com Jason Casper where we give
our levels our trade setups and three
live streams a day every single day also
for a 20 discount on the courses check
out Jason Casper trading.com if you want
to learn how to do this and do it right
and I will see everybody in the next
video may God bless you all in the name
of Jesus the Messiah even if you are not
religious peace guys
